TAS: KEP: Remove implicit unconstrained default (#4592)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: keps/2724-topology-aware-scheduling/README.md

field specified).

A PodSet scheduled with TAS without the explicit annotation is handled as

> if it had the `podset-unconstrained-topology` annotation pointing to the lowest
> topology level defined in the Topology referenced by the selected TAS flavor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if it had the `podset-unconstrained-topology: true` annotation.
```

Author: Done
